_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Initial site customization for Ken Williford - Add profile, CV, publications, SHERLOC repo, custom domain

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Research Investigator, <a href='https://bmsis.org/'>Blue Marble Space Institute of Science</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

My research spans organic and stable isotope geochemistry, geology, and astrobiology, with a recent focus on the [Mars 2020 Perseverance rover](https://mars.nasa.gov/mars2020/) mission. I am motivated by a desire to understand the fundamental nature of life in the universe, and in general I seek signs of life and environmental evolution in ancient planetary materials. What is life? Where is life? How have living and non-living systems evolved together? These questions lead me to rocks that preserve ancient habitats and life on Mars, some of the earliest records of life on Earth, times of great change on our planet including the Great Oxidation Event and mass extinctions of the Phanerozoic. 

<!-- Add more details about your work, publications, or interests below -->
